added JEXL exp format for custom approval step (#5929)
harness/developer-hub: docs/platform/approvals/custom-approvals.md

If you use custom variable expressions that reference information from subsequent steps, ensure that those custom variable expressions will be resolved.

In **JEXL Expression**, you can use [JEXL expressions](https://commons.apache.org/proper/commons-jexl/reference/syntax.html) when you set approval criteria. You can use a JEXL expression if the field is set to **Fixed value** or **Expression**. 

The JEXL expression format for a Custom Approval step is `<+output.bashVarOutput> == "testValue"`.

> First, create a variable in **Script**, then create variables in **Script Output Variables** that references those variables, and then use the **Script Output Variables**' variables and the **Script** variables' va;ue in the **Approval Criteria**:  

Author: ```suggestion
First, create a variable in **Script**, then create variables in **Script Output Variables** that reference those variables, and then use the **Script Output Variables**' variables and the **Script** variables' value in **Approval Criteria**:  
```

If you use custom variable expressions that reference information from subsequent steps, ensure that those custom variable expressions will be resolved.

> In **JEXL Expression**, you can use [JEXL expressions](https://commons.apache.org/proper/commons-jexl/reference/syntax.html). You can use a JEXL expression if the field is set to **Fixed value** or **Expression**. The JEXL expression format for a Custom Approval step is `<+output.bashVarOutput> == “testValue`.

Author: ```suggestion
In **JEXL Expression**, you can use [JEXL expressions](https://commons.apache.org/proper/commons-jexl/reference/syntax.html). You can use a JEXL expression if the field is set to **Fixed value** or **Expression**. The JEXL expression format for a Custom Approval step is `<+output.bashVarOutput> == "testValue"`.
```

> 

Reviewer: Can we please add a screenshot or maybe document a complex scenario for JEXL criteria here?
Example used in same page for criteria: 
![image](https://github.com/harness/developer-hub/assets/97941791/c93e7b62-f909-4521-8871-390c4b011cac)

Example in QA:
 https://qa.harness.io/ng/account/rXUXvbFqRr2XwcjBu3Oq-Q/all/orgs/default/projects/testNaman/pipelines/document_jexl_criteria_in_custom_approvals/executions/BaTYs_fCQo2a8Bdgcg3W7w/pipeline
 
<img width="604" alt="Screenshot 2024-03-18 at 5 29 11 PM" src="https://github.com/harness/developer-hub/assets/97941791/054e5967-4709-47fe-ad50-f533f0a8bfca">
